---
title: "Privacy"
description: "this is meta description"
draft: false
---

# Privacy Policy

Last updated: 27.12.2019

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site (malcoded.com). We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

## Data Controller

Responsible for the collection, processing and usage of you personal data is malcoded.com, Lukas Marx, Adlerstraße in Rees, Germany. (Art. 4, No. 7 GDPR)

## Hosting

To serve this Site to you, we use a hosting company called [HETZNER](https://www.hetzner.com/rechtliches/datenschutz) (Data Processor). They are a German company and their servers are located in Germany, as well. We have signed a Data-Processing agreement with them. They also comply with the GDPR.

### Content Delivery Network

A content delivery network (CDN) is a collection of servers spread arrount the world that are serving a copy of our website and assests (such as images).

Because of the CDN, the request latency of the website is greatly reduced. In case of our CDN, it also provides protection against malicious activity such as DDOS-Attacks.

We are using Cloudflare (Data Processor) as a service provider for the CDN. They are participant in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. They also comply with the GDPR.

## Personal Data

### Log Data

Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.

This Log Data is required to ensure the functionality of the site. With the help of the Log Data, errors in the application can be detected and removed. This is our legitimate interest (Art. 6, Section 1 f, EU-GDPR).

The Log Data is deleted regularly and is stored no longer than 14 days.

### Reach Mesurement & Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). It is used on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f. DSGVO. Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website such as

- Browser type/version,
- Operating system used,
- Referrer URL (the previously visited page)
- Host name of the accessing computer (IP address)
- Time of the server request

are usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google. We have also added the code "anonymizeIP" to Google Analytics on this website. This guarantees the masking of your IP address so that all data is collected anonymously. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.

On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.

You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>. As an alternative to browser add-ons, especially for browsers on mobile devices, you can also prevent Google Analytics from collecting this data by clicking on this link (Deactive Google Tracking). An opt-out cookie is set to prevent your data from being collected in the future when you visit this website. The opt-out cookie applies only to this browser and only to our website and is placed on your device. If you delete the cookies in this browser, you must set the opt-out cookie again.

### Advertising

This website shows advertisments to cover the running cost of the site. The ads are provided by carbon ads. Covering the cost of the site is our legitimate interest as of Art.6 Section 1 f EU-GDPR. Carbon is using your IP address to exctract your Geo-Position. This information is then used to serve you targeted ads. They do not create a profile about you. Carbon is also setting cookies on your device. They are used for fraud prevention.

### Cloudflare(CDN)

In order to protect the website from malicious activity, decrese the load on our servers and increase your user experience, we need to collect personal data via Cloudflare such as your IP address, security fingerprints, DNS log data, and website performance data based on your usage of the website.

This is our legitimate interest as of Art.6 Section 1 f EU-GDPR to ensure the security and quality of the website.

### Newsletter

It is possible to subscribe to a free email newsletter on our site. Before you subscribe, you give your consent that you want to recieve emails form us with updates and marketing material. When you choose to subscribe to the newsletter we collect your email address.

We are also using the double opt-in method, which means that we will send you an email and ask for consent (again).

In the moment of sending the subscription request, as well as when you verify your email address, we are saving your IP-Address. We are required to do so by law, to proove that you actually gave your consent.

We collect this data with your consent and therefore under Art. 6, Section 1 a, EU-GDPR.

We need to collect this data, to be able to provide the newsletter service to you.

Your email address is only stored as long as you are subscribed to the newsletter.

However, we keep a hash of your email address as well as the information required (Ip-Addresses and Timestamps) to proof that you gave us your consent in the first place.

The hash can't be used to send emails or reconstruct you email address

We also track on wich links you click in emails you received from us.

Of course you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email or by contacting us via email.

### Comments & Social Sign In

We give our users the possibility to comment on posts. Before a user can leave a comment, he has to sign in using on of the provided authentication methods.

We are using different, so called Social Sing In provider such as Google, Facebook, Twitter or Github. Using these providers, the user can create an account at our website, without the need of going trough a full registration process.

Instead the user authorizes the provider to transmit certain personal information to us. We request the users email address, his name and his profile picture and save them on our server.

Afterward, the user is signed in and can leave a comment.

Before the personal data is submited to us, the user is informed that he is about to transmit the data and asked for his consent.

Therefore we collect this data using Art. 6 Art. 6, Section 1 a, EU-GDPR.

The user can request the deletion of his account by sending an email to support@malcoded.com

Furthermore the user is able to edit or delete is comments, when signed in.

## Cookies

Cookies are small text-files that many sites place on the users computer.

We are placing a cookie called "\_\_cfduid" on your computer. This cookies is placed by our Data Processor Cloudflare and contains an Id (unique identifier). This Id is required to prevent malicious activity on a per-client basis. Therefore, this cookies is strictly necessary for security reasons. The cookie does not contain any personally identifiable information. The cookie does expire afer one year.

Futhermore our Ad-Network Carbon is placing cookies to prevent fraud. These cookies contain your IP-address. [Learn more.](https://content.buysellads.com/articles/what-data-does-buysellads-collect)

## External Links

We might link to revelevant content on other sites. We are not responsible for these sites or their content. When you visit these sites, they might collect your personal data. We do not have any control over that.

## Your rights as the data subject

If personal data are processed by users, they are affected within the meaning of the EU-GDPR and they are entitled to the following rights vis-à-vis the person responsible, whereby the following list includes all their rights, not only the rights arising from the use of our services:

### 1\. Right to information

Users may request confirmation from those responsible as to whether personal data concerning them are processed by us.

Once such processing has taken place, users can request the following information from the person responsible:

- (1) the purposes for which the personal data is processed;
- (2) the categories of personal data being processed;
- (3) the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been or are still being disclosed;
- (4) the planned duration of the storage of the personal data concerning you or, if specific information on this is not possible, criteria for determining the storage period;
- (5) the existence of a right to rectification or deletion of personal data concerning you, a right to limitation of processing by the controller or a right to object to such processing;
- (6) the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;
- (7) any available information on the origin of the data if the personal data are not collected from the data subject;
- (8) the existence of automated decision-making including profiling in accordance with Art. 22 para. 1 and 4 EU-GDPR and - at least in these cases - meaningful information on the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject.

### 2\. Right to correction

Users have a right of rectification and/or completion vis-à-vis those responsible if the personal data processed concerning them are incorrect or incomplete. The person responsible shall make the correction without delay.

### 3\. Right to limitation of processing

Users may request that the processing of personal data concerning them be restricted under the following conditions:

- (1) if users dispute the accuracy of the personal data concerning them for a period that enables the data controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
- (2) the processing is unlawful and users refuse to delete the personal data and instead request the restriction of the use of the personal data;
- (3) the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but users need them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or
- (4) if users have filed an objection to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 EU-GDPR and it has not yet been determined whether the legitimate reasons of the person responsible outweigh their reasons.

Where the processing of personal data relating to users has been restricted, such data may be processed only with their consent or for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending rights or protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or on grounds of an important public interest of the Union or a Member State, other than their storage.

If the restriction of processing has been restricted in accordance with the above conditions, users will be informed by the person responsible before the restriction is lifted.

### 4\. Right to cancellation

#### a) Duty to delete

Users may request the data controller to delete personal data concerning them immediately and the controller is obliged to delete such data immediately if one of the following reasons applies:

- (1) Personal data relating to users are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
- (2) Users revoke their consent on which the processing was based pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a DSBER, and there is no other legal basis for the processing.
- (3) Users file an objection to processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 EU-GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for processing, or they file an objection to processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 2 EU-GDPR.
- (4) Personal data relating to users have been processed unlawfully.
- (5). The deletion of personal data relating to users shall be necessary to fulfil a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the Member States to which the controller is subject.
- (6) Personal data relating to users have been collected in relation to information society services offered pursuant to Art. 8 para. 1 EU-GDPR.

#### b) Information to third parties

If the data controller has made personal data relating to users public and is obliged to delete them pursuant to Art. 17 para. 1 EU-GDPR, he shall take appropriate measures, including technical measures, taking into account the available technology and the implementation costs, to inform those responsible for data processing who process the personal data that you as the data subject have requested the deletion of all links to this personal data or of copies or replications of this personal data.

#### c) Exceptions

The right to cancellation does not exist insofar as the processing is necessary

- (1) to exercise freedom of expression and information;
- (2) for the performance of a legal obligation required for processing under the law of the Union or of the Member States to which the controller is subject or for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority conferred on the controller;
- (3) for reasons of public interest in the field of public health pursuant to Art. 9 para. 2 lit. h and i and Art. 9 para. 3 EU-GDPR;
- (4) for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes pursuant to Art. 89 para. 1 EU-GDPR, insofar as the law referred to under a) is likely to make it impossible or seriously impair the attainment of the objectives of such processing, or
- (5) to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.

### 5\. Right to information

If users have exercised their right of rectification, cancellation or restriction of the processing with respect to the controller, the controller shall be obliged to notify all recipients to whom personal data relating to the users have been disclosed of such rectification or cancellation of the data or restriction of the processing, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.

Users have the right vis-à-vis the person responsible to be informed about these recipients.

### 6\. Right to Data Portability

Users have the right to receive personally identifiable information they provide to the controller in a structured, common and machine-readable format. In addition, users have the right to transfer this data to another person without hindrance by the person responsible for providing the personal data, provided that

- (1) the processing on a consent acc. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a EU-GDPR or on a contract acc. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b EU-GDPR is based and
- (2) the processing is done by automated means.

In exercising this right, users also have the right to obtain that personal data relating to them be transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible. Freedoms and rights of other persons may not be affected.

The right to data portability does not apply to the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority delegated to the controller.

### 7\. Right to object

Users have the right, for reasons of their own special circumstances, to object at any time to the processing of personal data relating to you pursuant to Article 6 (1) (e) or (f) of the GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.

The controller will no longer process personal data concerning users unless he can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh their interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is intended to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.

If the personal data relating to the users is processed in order to operate direct mail, users have the right to object at any time to the processing of the personal data concerning them for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with such direct mail.

If users object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data concerned will no longer be processed for these purposes.

Users have the option, in the context of the use of information society services, of exercising their right of opposition through automated procedures that use technical specifications, regardless of Directive 2002/58 / EC.

### 8\. Right to revoke the data protection declaration of consent

Users have the right to revoke their data protection declaration of consent at any time. The revocation of consent shall not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until revocation.

### 9\. Automated decision in individual cases including profiling

Users have the right not to be subject to a decision based exclusively on automated processing - including profiling - which has legal effect against them or significantly impairs them in a similar manner. This does not apply if the decision

- (1) is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between them and the person responsible,
- (2) the legislation of the Union or of the Member States to which the person responsible is subject is admissible and that legislation contains appropriate measures to safeguard their rights, freedoms and legitimate interests; or
- (3) with their express consent.

However, these decisions may not be based on special categories of personal data pursuant to Art. 9 para. 1 EU-GDPR, unless Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a or g EU-GDPR applies and appropriate measures have been taken to protect your rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests.

In the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the person responsible shall take appropriate measures to safeguard the rights and freedoms and their legitimate interests, including at least the right to obtain the intervention of a person by the person responsible, to state his own position and to challenge the decision.

### 10\. Right of appeal to a supervisory authority

Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, users have the right of appeal to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State where they reside, work or suspect of infringement, if they consider that the processing of personal data concerning them is contrary to the EU-GDPR.

The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant of the status and results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy under Article 78 EU-GDPR.
